What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
Initializing a repository creates a hidden .git file that contains the metadata regarding
the various versions of files maintained in the that repository. Git needs to know what 
folders you wish to make repositories in.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
The staging area is an intermitent step that one can use before commiting changes to a repository. The value of this
is being able to commit multiple files in a directory to a repository at once. This capability allows users more 
flexibility to have their commit messages be more cohesive and organized.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
git diff -staged command allows you to see the differences between the staged area and the latest commit. This way
you can see the exact difference in lines of what you are about to commit to the repository.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
There are tons of potential circumstances where branches come in handy for keeping the history of a project organized.
The team can keep track of different approaches to the code using seperate branches.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
The diagrams are helpful as they offer a quicker way of viewing/thinking about the different branches that a repository
may consist of. It is difficult to look at a list of text describing the different branches to get a clear picture of
the layout/organization of a repository.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
Didn't work. Something about Caroline's edits starting from a different point in time from mine. Don't want to spend the time
combing over code I'm unfamiliar with to fix it.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
pro is that it can save you a lot of time where the changes made on two different branches were unrelated.  The con is that git
will not be able to correctly always tell the proper way to merge two branches. If changes were made to the same lines or areas
the resulting merge could make changes that are illogical or lead to compiler errors or errors in general.